Resources added to Nodejs/Databases/Sequelize (#2479)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/109-nodejs-template-engines/102-ejs.md

# EJS

EJS is a templating language or engine that allows you to generate HTML markup with pure JavaScript. And this is what makes it perfect for Nodejs applications.
In simple words, the EJS template engine helps to easily embed JavaScript into your HTML template.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://ejs.co/'>Ejs website</BadgeLink>

> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Docs' href='https://ejs.co/#docs'>Ejs Official Documentations</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='NPM PACKAGE' href='https://www.npmjs.com/package/ejs'>Ejs Official Package</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='green' badgeText='PLAYGROUND' href='https://ionicabizau.github.io/ejs-playground/'>Try EJS Online</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='READ' href='https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-ejs-to-template-your-node-application'>Full setup</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='READ' href='https://codeforgeek.com/ejs-template-engine-in-nodejs/'>Step-by-Step Guide</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Docs' href='https://ejs.co/#docs'>Ejs Official Documentations</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Package Page' href='https://www.npmjs.com/package/ejs'>Ejs Official Package</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='green' badgeText='Visit' href='https://ionicabizau.github.io/ejs-playground/'>Try EJS Online</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-ejs-to-template-your-node-application'>How to use EJS</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://codeforgeek.com/ejs-template-engine-in-nodejs/'>Step-by-Step EJS Guide</BadgeLink>
```
